1. WAP to find the largest element of an array.
2. WAP to find the smallest element of an array using dynamic memory allocation and pointers.
3. WAP to sort an array in ascending order.
4. Write a program in C to find the sum of rows and columns of a matrix.
5. Write a program in C to display the lower triangular elements of a given square matrix.
6. Write a program in C to find the product of two matrices.
7. Write a program using an array of structures to store the data for 10 employees with fields (e_sn, f_name, l_name, address, mobile_no) and display the records in an appropriate format.
8. Write a program that defines an array of integers with dynamic memory allocation and computes the sum of the array using a function of your own.
9. WAP to find the sum of an array using a user-defined function.
10. Write a program to find whether a given string is a palindrome using a user-defined function.
11. Write a program to swap two numbers using a function swap(int, int) with:
    a> Pass by value
    b> Pass by reference
12. Write a program to pass an array to a function using a pointer and return an array from a function using a pointer.
13. Write a program that illustrates the similarity between arrays and pointers.
14. Write a program in C to find the factorial of a given integer using recursion.
15. Write a program to find the first 10 numbers in the Fibonacci series using recursion.
16. Write a program to find the number of times the vowel ‘e’ appears in a given string.
17. Write a program defining a structure to store the data for a student with fields (roll_no, f_name, l_name, address, mobile_no) and display the record in an appropriate format.
18. Write a program defining a union to store the data for a student with fields (roll_no, f_name, l_name, address, mobile_no). Illustrate the property of unions by accessing only one data member at a time.
19. Write a program to prompt the user to input a filename and read the content of the file, then display it on the screen.
20. Write a program to read from a text file and count the number of lines and characters in that file.
21. Write a program to read a text file and copy all contents into a new file.
